Hello
Except for our factory building
See if there are any other ways for you to
Second uncle gave a loan
Grandpa really has no way now
Here it is.
Or did I beg my second uncle for a long time before he agreed?
Can't you replace it with something else?
I see.
Are you worried that the air is prone to problems?
But as long as I sell
That land is still unfamiliar to our Su family
Grandpa don't worry
Regarding the interest issue
I will ask our second uncle to minimize it for you.
Grandpa Tianhao is right
Now we are willing to have a bank loan to us.
It's hard to get
Besides, our factory in Nanshanping is just a mortgage.
Not sold
That land is the foundation of our Su family
In case something goes wrong
Not only the Su Group is coming
Our Su family will also play
At that time, one of you here will count as one
They are all sinners of the Su family
Sinner
Ah!
The chairperson's father is the grandfather's father
Hey dad how's it going
This old man of the Su family has fainted
The rest of the Su family also bet on the gold products immediately
As long as we keep collecting debts
I believe it won't work.
The boy plane must be my good
I'm waiting for your good news
It's my father-in-law